hello and welcome again to the duty show
today we're gonna unbox the DD 850 mom
just to let you see what it has inside
let's open the box but first of all
let's have a look what you have up
outside of the box you have the duty
quality logo meaning that you are buying
an authentic duty and you have these
codes over here that let you know that
what you buying surreal to eat another
copy and little frame some indications
in several languages the box can be
recycled really nice and 16 gigabyte
mobile but we'll have a look at the
specific specifications of this mobile
another day now let's open the box woof
nothing here well this little piece of
paper was on top of the phone protecting
in here we have the phone itself it is
nice back it comes with a plastic case
for free transparent plastic nice and it
comes with this protective film that you
can remove the S price putting your
finger here and pulling nice we put the
phone aside okay what else we have in
here we have an extra protective field
for the screen and this little thing for
clearing the screen for free nice what
you do install these is you just put it
like this you first you have to peel off
this part you stick it in there and then
you peel off this other part and then
your screen is protected nice nice nice
real nice now we have the manual user
manual in several language including
Arabic Russian English Spanish and here
we have the most prominent features of
the phone
hey we're here then we had peasant it's
a hands-free headset 3po one meaning has
microphone and stereo audio included and
this microphone is here and then had
this this piece over here you have a
little button that you can press and eat
engage their hands-free mode and the
head self the speaker stands out look at
this little rubber to do so means you
can plug the team right into your ear
nice then we have up yeah we have this
destruction pool what is this if any of
you have ever seen an iphone you know
what is this about you need this thing
over here to 'extract the scene try the
scene car trailer is inside here you
just press this instead in this hole he
comes out and then you can put your sim
card inside and this other thing over
here is in the doctor see the hinman the
850 uses a mini sim card and this is a
micro sim card adapter so if you have a
micro sync adapter you can always put it
in here and then you can use it with
this form with no problem you don't have
to get a new one next thing then we have
the front USB cable I think that I like
very much is nothing more than a USB
cable but its flood meaning that it
doesn't matter how much you mess around
with him it doesn't tangle up get a flat
use view here we put this in your
computer
you put the micro connect micro SD
connect over here in your mobile phone
charges and finally here we have a
European European connector travel
Theriot with icons with 1 million per
and it's you going to be us be here as
we said before and the charger phone and
looks like there's nothing else I box
yet there's nothing else in the box so
now let's have a look at what we got we
have the cleaning theme the user manual
extraction to an adapter your hands-free
headsets travel charger your flat USB
the extra protection film and
transparent transparent plastic case and
finally your de 850 so that's what you
get when you buy our 850 I hope you
liked this video as always if you liked
it give us a thumbs up if if you have
anything to say any doubt whatever us a
comment below in YouTube and as always
see you next week in the Doobie show